The werewolf killing game opposes two teams : Team Werewolves and Team Villagers. Team Villager consists in ordinary villagers and divine villagers.

There are four werewolf cards in this game, four ordinary villagers cards and four gods cards. The werewolves together can kill a player every night, and during the day each werewolf can choose to commit suicide. The ordinary villagers have no special functions, apart from participation with all the other players in the daily vote to designate someone to be executed. The divine villagers are the Seer (yuyanjia), the Witch (nüwu), the Assassin (qianxingzhe), and the Elder (jinyanzhanglao). The Seer can see the team of a person she chooses each night. The Witch has two bottles of potion to be used at night, one can save the person killed by the werewolves, the other one can kill a person. She can’t use the two potions in a same night. She can save herself during the first night only. The Assassin can kill a person that he voted to be executed if he didn’t get enough votes during the previous day. The Elder can target one player to forbid from speaking the next day. During that day, the person will only communicate using gestures.

Victory is obtained by eradication : the werewolves win when they kill either all the ordinary villagers or all the divine villagers, and the villagers win when they have executed all the werevolves.


Moderator : Game starts. Night falls, please close your eyes. Events of the night unfold. The sun rises, today is the election of the Captain. The players who are candidates, please raise your hand. Five players are candidates : players 1, 2, 5, 9, 12. Player 2 will give his speech first.

2 : I, the Seer, will first give my order of succession as Captain (jinghuiliu) : first yan P7, then yan P5. Last night I checked P12, and he is good (jinshui). Over.: Werewolf

5 : First of all about P12’s jinshui, you were jinshui, you two are together now. I think Seer P2 spoke fairly well. However I think P9 looks like he wants to declare himself as Seer (tiao yuyanjia). If you P9 are the true Seer, please tiao well. If you are not, I advise you not to tiao. Because after P2’s speech I was watching candidates P9 and P12. As for P12, since you were jinshui, wether you tiao or not it doesn’t matter. As for P9 I can see you were unhappy, so either you are the true Seer or you’re about to hantiao [ie tiao when you’re in fact a wolf]. So if you don’t speak well, you see, you won’t be in a good position. I feel that you’re about to tiao. Then for P7, you are not candidate. Previously when you were wolf, you liked to be candidate and say “oh hi I’m an ordinary civilian”, and now you’re in succession and you don’t run for candidate, so I feel P7 is wolf or divine (guashenfen). Then for P3, he was looking at me smiling, that means that either he approved what I said, either I’m completely wrong. I think he approved me, so I guess he’s good. Over. :Villager

9 : I am the true Seer. In fact P2 last night I checked your team and saw you’re wolf (chasha). P12, since you were jinshui by P2 I’ll see how you react, if it is ok then I won’t check you since you’re the jinshui of my chasha. P5, what your speech tells me is that you know P2’s not the Seer, you say I want to tiao, well sorry I am the true Seer, and I want to yan you. I think there must be a wolf between P5 and P7, and it’s more probably P5. Now, let me see how to plan the succession. I should yan P11. So I said first yan P5, then P11. P2, I did chasha you last night. P5, I feel you had a lot of bad things to say about me, and they are all based on your supposition that I’m an impostor ; you know that P2 is not the true Seer, still you insist that I want to tiao. So I think P5 that you’re not good. Yet, I don’t want to reveal too many wolves because I fear the wolves will eliminate me. A lot of games when I was the Seer, precisely because I revealed to many wolves they had no choice but kill me. So today I will only accuse P2, I checked him last night ! Well this time I’m not lucky with the speech order, that’s it. Over.: Seer

12 : I fanshui, P2 is my chasha [ie chasha someone who had jinshui me]. P2 you gave me jinshui indeed, well I fanshui you, the Seer gave you chasha so you are out. Also P5 is also a wolf, in P5’s speech he already knew that you P2 are the true See, else how would he know that someone would tiao after you ? Of course, maybe another logic is that a good P5 thinks that P2’s speech was bad and felt there was a true Seer after him. But I think there is a high probability that P5 and P2 are wolves. Because No. 2 and No. 5 are wolves teammates, so when P2 did hantiao, P5 subconsiously thought there would be someone after to tiao Seer. That’s right, P2 gave me jinshui, but I don't recognize him, I fanshui him, let’s kick him today. I don’t want the badge, let’s give it to P9, okay, he is the true Seer, let him get the badge, I am P2’s jinshui, but today I want to kill P2. P2’s succession is P7 and P5. For now I’m not clear about P7. About P5, I can’t accuse him now, because you can't only rely on one line of reasoning, now we have one reasoning with pros and cons, you can't determine the identity of P5 through this logic, so today I would vote to kick P2. Then you, P9, you can check P5 tonight, I recognize you as the true Seer. P2, you still have time to retire your candidacy (tuishui). If you don't tuishui, I as your jinshui I want to kick you. This is what I, as P2’s jinshui, am doing things for you P9, so you don’t need to check me. I tuishui. Over.: Ancient

5 : tuishui.: Villager

1 : I, P1, am ordinary villager. I only come here for the speech, for one more occasion to speak, to do good for everyone.  From now’s looks, P2 your position seems compromised : you sent a jinshui to P12 but now he fanshui against you, and the P9 Seer gave you chasha. What P9 will have to jinghuiliu is P5 then P11. If I am second in P9’s succession, then I’ll vote for him to be executed. There is no reason, apart that two players chasha you P9. P5, your speech, although I feel that you played a lot with P2, there is no real loophole. However, from the speech after P5 there is a strong hit. I think this suggests a stronger point. Because we are all closed-eye players, how did you know that P2 must be the Seer, even more without hearing the remaining speeches, so I think your wolfness is very big. Anyway, you are on P9’s jinghuiliu, so we can wait for the second night’s result to see how to proceed. This is my suggestion. As a closed-eye player, I can only speak that much. Over.: Witch

Moderator : The speeches are over. The remaining candidates are P2 and P9. Players who were not candidates, please vote. 3,2,1. P3 and P4 abstained. All the other players voted for P9, P9 is the Captain and has 1.5 votes. Last night was peaceful. The player barred from speaking is P5. Now the Captain will decide the speaking order, left or right.

9 : We’ll start with P8.

8 :

7 :
…
